Updates to release go task (#110)
arduino/tooling-project-assets: workflow-templates/release-go-task.md

The following project-specific variables must be set in `Taskfile.yml`:

- `PROJECT_NAME`
- `CONFIGURATION_PACKAGE`

> `CONFIGURATION_PACKAGE` must be set to the golang module contatining the version metadata for the project. For example for the following file: https://github.com/arduino/mdns-discovery/blob/master/version/version.go the `CONFIGURATION_PACKAGE` field must be set to the value: `github.com/arduino/mdns-discovery/version`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`CONFIGURATION_PACKAGE` must be set to the golang package containing the version metadata for the project. For example for the following file: https://github.com/arduino/mdns-discovery/blob/master/version/version.go the `CONFIGURATION_PACKAGE` field must be set to the value: `github.com/arduino/mdns-discovery/version`.
```
